HOME PAGETop MenuHomeMedical ProvidersHealthcare OrganizationsBlogJoin (button)Login (button – maybe grayed out?)Title: Reinventing Medical Moonlighting and Locum TenensConnecting High Quality Medical Talent with the Best Local JobsShift MedicalThree Sub-points in middle of pageUp-front CredentialingMalpractice Coverage (and tail insurance) IncludedIntelligent skill-based provider/job matchingSplit screen below the three sub-pointsMedical Providers (left side of screen)• ?	Anonymously search or set up notifications for moonlighting and locums tenens jobs at nearby organizations. • ?	Streamlined credentialing is conducted once and applied across organizations.• ?	$1M/$3M malpractice coverage for all jobs secured and paid for through our platform (tail insurance included)Healthcare Organizations (right side of screen)• ?	Rapidly review, interview and hire high quality medical talent from your area. • ?	Phone, video chat, and in-person interview options are available, or quickly rehire someone you have previously hired.• ?	You pay nothing until a job is completed• ?	Credentials and background checks are conducted on all medical providersUpper-Bottom MenuAboutContactCareersBlogLower-Bottom MenuTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyHEALTHCARE ORGANIZATIONS PAGE(navigated to from “healthcare organizations” top menu option)Title: Temporary and Flexible Staffing Made SimpleTap into high quality, local medical talent in real-time without the cost, overhead or overbearing contracts associated with traditional temporary staffing modelsThree Sub-points in middle of pageHigh Quality Providers• ?	Full credentialing profiles (based on primary sources) and background checks are available on all medical providers Malpractice Coverage• ?	$1M/$3M medical malpractice coverage of medical providers is provided for the duration of the job, including tail coverage. Streamlined workflow• ?	Candidate identification, (optional interview), hiring and payment are easily managed through our platformSplit screen below the three sectionsRegions Covered• -	List current counties• -	List upcoming countiesSpecialties Covered• -	List current specialties/organizations• -	List upcoming specialties/organizationsProviders Covered• -	List current provider types• -	List upcoming provider typesFull Feature List1. Credentialing:   Paperless Credentialing of Medical Providers• -	list of credentials obtained   Continuous Credentialing Monitoring• -	List of credentials and frequency of their alerts   Following NCQA, Joint Commission and AAAHC Standards      Extensive background checks conducted2. Malpractice Coverage      $1M/$3M Coverage included in the cost3. Real-time, local provider access	Description of workflow in bullet points4.  Streamlined workflow for near-term staffing needs5.  No fee unless a job is secured6.  A fraction of the cost of traditional alternatives7. Customizable provider alertsUpper-Bottom MenuAboutContactCareersBlogLower-Bottom MenuTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyMEDICAL PROVIDERS PAGE(navigated to from “medical providers” top menu option)Title: Removing the barriers to a more flexible medical professionShift Health allows medical providers to gain additional experience, supplement their income, or simply reduce their workload as they move into retirement.Three Sub-points in middle of pageStreamlined, Reusable Credentialing• ?	Credentialing occurs once during registration and can be immediately used for every organization you apply toMalpractice Coverage• ?	$1M/$3M medical malpractice coverage (including tail coverage) for all jobs that are applied to, secured and paid for through our platform. Customized job notifications• ?	Job notifications allow you to be notified when positions are posted in your area, based on your schedule, experience and work preferencesSplit screen below the three sectionsRegions Covered• -	List current counties• -	List upcoming countiesSpecialties Covered• -	List current specialties/organizations• -	List upcoming specialties/organizationsProviders Covered• -	List current provider types• -	List upcoming provider typesFull Feature List1. Credentialing:   Paperless Credentialing of Medical Providers• -	list of credentials obtained   Continuous Credentialing Monitoring• -	List of credentials and frequency of their alerts   Following NCQA, Joint Commission and AAAHC Standards      Extensive background checks conducted2. Malpractice Coverage      $1M/$3M Coverage, with tail coverage, is included in the cost3. Real-time, local job search and access	Description of workflow in bullet points4. Customizable job alertsUpper-Bottom MenuAboutContactCareersBlogLower-Bottom MenuTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyJOIN HOME PAGE(navigated to from join button in top menu)Title: Join Shift HealthSplit screen below the titleMedical Provider Registration (link to provider registration page)Healthcare Organization Registration (link to organization registration page)Upper-Bottom MenuAboutContactCareersBlogLower-Bottom MenuTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyPROVIDER JOIN PAGE: Step 1(navigated to from “Medical Provider Registration Link” on JOIN HOME PAGE)Title: Join Shift Health	Text: ”We are currently welcoming all providers to register for our beta pilot. The process is very simple and entails: • ?	Claiming your profile based on data provided by the CMS• ?	Agreeing to allow us to look up your credentials (AMA profile, DEA Number, etc)• ?	Setting up an account with Stripe, so you can get paidHorizontal Line separating the above text from the formsText: “Step 1: Claim your CMS profile”Text entry box for NPI NumberText entry box for Date of BirthButton: Text “Search CMS for profile”The provider registration workflow (see Github respository) is executed and displayed to the user in a similar fashion as SilverSheet does with their registration… with just the one section updating and the rest of the page staying the same. From the user’s perspective it should just appear as 3-4 steps. After finishing the process we should display a message saying “Thank you for pre-registering one of our staff members will be in touch with you shortly”.Upper-Bottom MenuAboutContactCareersBlogLower-Bottom MenuTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyORGANIZATION JOIN PAGE: Step 1(navigated to from “Medical Provider Registration Link” on JOIN HOME PAGE)Title: Join Shift HealthText: ”We are currently welcoming all healthcare organizations to register for our beta pilot. The process is 100% free of charge and entails: • ?	Claiming your organization’s profile based on data provided by the CMS• ?	Setting up a user account as a representative of your organization• ?	Setting up an account with Stripe, so you can pay the providers that you hireHorizontal Line separating the above text from the formsText: “Step 1: Claim your CMS profile”Text entry box for NPI NumberThe organization registration workflow (see Github respository) is executed and displayed to the user in a similar fashion as SilverSheet does with their registration… with just the one section updating and the rest of the page staying the same. From the user’s perspective it should just appear as 2-3 steps. After finishing the process we should display a message saying “Thank you for pre-registering one of our staff members will be in touch with you shortly”.Upper-Bottom MenuAboutContactCareersBlogLower-Bottom MenuTerms of ServicePrivacy Policy